2. Our policy for online purchases
The following article is extracted from Chow Sang Sang Group's ' Group's Policy of Return and Exchange of Merchandise' (the Group’s Policy) and aims to provide a general guideline for returns and exchanges. In case of any disputes, the latest prevailing version of the Group’s Policy shall apply.

2.1 Definition
'Original Purchase Condition' means that the merchandise is:

still in its original packaging with all certificates, warranties and receipt intact;
unworn, unused, unaltered and in the condition originally purchased; and
not damaged in any way.
The decision as to whether the merchandise is in 'Original Purchase Condition' shall be determined solely by Chow Sang Sang and its decision shall be final.

'Excluded Items' means:

Gold Bar, Gold Ingot, watches;
Gold ornament purchased on Chow Sang Sang Eshop – Hong Kong, China
Custom-made or “Personalised Jewellery Service” merchandise;
Scratched, engraved or altered merchandise;
Merchandise delivered using “Shop Express”;
Merchandise of a selected third party brand distributed by Chow Sang Sang; and
Merchandise stated as non-returnable, non-exchangeable on its receipt.
'Accessories' means:

the metal (magnetic) clasp cord purchased as a single item. If the metal (magnetic) clasp cord is purchased under a combination set, it will not be treated as a single item.
the Murano glass bead purchased as a single item. If the Murano glass bead is purchased under a combination set, it will not be treated as a single item.
'Online Purchases' include:

Chow Sang Sang Eshop; and
Chow Sang Sang Eshop operated by designated e-commerce platforms.
2.2 Return
Any merchandise or accessories, with the exception of “Excluded Items”, may be returned in its “Original Purchase Condition” at your cost within 7 days of its delivery to you or its collection under the in-store collection service. Merchandise will be refunded against the original payment method used upon purchase. You will be obliged to pay for shipping fees, duties and taxes for the returned merchandise.

2.3 Exchange
Any merchandise or accessories, with the exception of ‘Excluded Items’, may be exchanged once in its ‘Original Purchase Condition’ within 7 days of its delivery to you or its collection under the in-store collection service by using our return service, or drop off in any of our stores (Hong Kong, China orders only).

If the value of the selected replacement item(s) is/are higher than that of the original purchase (determined based on weight for non-fixed price gold/platinum jewellery, and based on the selling price of the Merchandise for other jewellery and accessories), you shall pay us the difference in price. Where the value of the item is higher than that of the replacement item, we shall not refund to you the price difference. Items may be exchanged for any item under the same product category as designated by us.

We shall refund you the shipping fee of the original purchase (except duties and taxes), but you will be obliged to pay for duties and taxes for the returned and replacement item.

In the case of “Excluded Items” damaged during delivery or the merchandise not in its “Original Purchase Condition”, return or exchange may be accepted at the discretion of Chow Sang Sang.

2.4 Purchase Offer
If you have purchased any merchandise or accessories with any associated discount offered or other promotional activities but the discount offer has expired at the time of the exchange, the discount shall not be taken into account. Discounts offered by companies other than Chow Sang Sang shall be dealt with in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant companies.

2.5 Gifts & certificates
We shall be entitled to charge a replacement fee if the certificate(s) that accompany the merchandise in its Original Purchase Condition and/or the free promotional gift are/is not returned together with the merchandise.