1. Our policy for store purchases
The following article is extracted from Chow Sang Sang Group's ' Group's Policy of Return and Exchange of Merchandise' (the Group’s Policy) and aims to provide a general guideline for returns and exchanges. In case of any disputes, the latest prevailing version of the Group’s Policy shall apply.

1.1 Definition
'Original Purchase Condition' means that the merchandise is:

in its original packaging with receipt, certificate of authenticity, certificate, tax invoice (if any) and essential accessories that must be returned intact;
unworn, unused, unaltered and in the condition originally sold;
not damaged in any way; and
for watches, with the original plastic protective cover never removed from the surface.
The decision as to whether the merchandise is in 'Original Purchase Condition' shall be determined solely by Chow Sang Sang and its decision shall be final.

'Excluded Items' means:

Gold Bar purchased from Hong Kong, China store or Hong Kong, China site;
Gold ingot;
Watches purchased from store;
Refined gold ingot purchased from Mainland China store or Mainland China site;
Gold ornament purchased from Hong Kong, China site;
Engraved, altered or custom-made Merchandise;
Scratched, engraved or altered merchandise;
Merchandise delivered using “Shop Express”;
Merchandise of a selected third party brand distributed by Chow Sang Sang; and
Merchandise stated as 'non-returnable, non-exchangeable' on its receipt.
“Accessories” means:

The metal (magnetic) clasp cord, the Murano glass bead etc.
1.2 Return
All in-store purchases are final sale and cannot be returned. If the purchase is subject to regional laws or regulations, and there exists inconsistencies between that and the Group’s Policy, applicable laws and regulations shall prevail.

1.3 Exchange
Any merchandise or accessories, with the exception of 'Excluded Items', may be exchanged once in its “Original Purchase Condition” within 3 days of purchase upon presentation of the receipt.

If the value of the selected replacement item(s) is/are higher than that of the original purchase (determined based on weight for non-fixed price gold/platinum jewellery, and based on the selling price of the merchandise for other jewellery and accessories), you shall pay us the difference in price. Where the value of the item is higher than that of the replacement item, we shall not refund to you the price difference. Items may be exchanged for any item under the same product category as designated by us.

1.4 Purchase offer
If you have purchased any merchandise or accessories with any associated discount offered or other promotional activities but the discount offer has expired at the time of the exchange, the discount shall not be taken into account. Discounts offered by companies other than Chow Sang Sang shall be dealt with in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant companies.

1.5 Handling of Accompanying Items
Replacement fee will be charged if the certificate, packaging and/or the free promotional gift are/is not returned together with the merchandise.

Above policy is applicable to the merchandise purchased at Hong Kong, China store only.